In this preview, I am showing the basic outline of my project focused on public health. It is very simple with images that I have downloaded from (Unsplash)[https://www.unsplash.com]. I removed the backgrounds from the photos with the selection tools on GIMP. Right now, I am feeling pretty stuck. I originally created a very simplistic version of this where I had images of things like hand sanitizer, masks, et cetera around the text "Public Health Matters." I did not think that this design made much of an argument or would convey what I wanted to my audience. I have been trying to think of a better way to organize it, and my current version shows the beginning process of an "expectation vs. reality" format. One side of the graphic is made up of background images I have layered on top of each other showing images that people associate with public health (hand sanitizer, face masks, and vaccines). On the other side of the screen, I have started to layer additional images with additional pieces of public health that people may not think of offhand. I've found it to be more difficult than I expected to put these aspects of the public health field into photographs, so I am debating if I need to add more text. For example, the photograph that I have put in showing pollution from a factory could effectively show the public health concern of air quality, but more abstract ideas like racial equity or various health campaigns are not as easy to portray with unlicensed photographs. I am also not sure if layering all of the photographs on top of each other will look too busy or how I will effectively split the graphic into two sides to represent the "expectation" side and the "reality" side. I am not sure if it gives enough of an argument or how I can better elaborate on the message I am trying to send about the expansiveness of the field of public health, so I am hoping that getting peer feedback and more brainstorming studio  time in class can help me get where I want to be with this project. I am not sure how my project will end up, but I have a feeling that by my final draft, my work will be completely different from what it looks like now.
